
# 0.5.2

* Adding support for PackageManagement 1.4.8.1.


# 0.5.1

## Fixed

* `prism install` fails if `Get-PSRepository` hasn't been run before it.
* Prism commands are very slow in Windows PowerShell on Windows 10, Server 2012R2, and Server 2019 due to some overzealous logging.


# 0.5.0

## Changed

* Prism supports PackageManagement versions 1.3.2 through 1.4.7.
* Prism supports PowerShellGet versions 2.0.0 through 2.2.5.

## Fixed

* Fixed: Prism commands fail if PowerShellGet and PackageManagement modules aren't already imported before being run.


# 0.4.0

## Added

* Added "Path" parameter to all prism commands, which can be the path to a specific prism.json file, or a directory
  containing a prism.json file.
* Added ability to pipe prism.json files and/or directories containing prism.json files to prism.

## Changed

* Prism now requires PackageManagement and PowerShellGet to be pre-installed.

## Fixed

* Fixed: `prism install` always installs modules, even if they are already installed.
* Fixed: module install fails if lock file generated on Windows 10/Server 2016 or later and install is on Windows
  8.1/Server 2012 R2 and vice-versa. (PSGallery repository's URL ends with a forward slash on
  Windows 8.1/Server 2012 R2, but ends with no forward slash on later operating systems.)


# 0.3.0

## Upgrade Instructions

* Regenerate any lock files created with the previous version of Prism. We changed the name of one of the properties.
* If you use the `Location` property on any object returned by the `install` or `update` commands, rename the property
  to `RepositorySourceLocation`.

## Added

* Added default formats for the objects returned by the `install` and `update` commands so they are formatted in a table
by default.

## Changed

* Renamed the `location` property in lock files to `repositorySourceLocation`.
* Renamed the `Location` property on objects returned by the `install` and `update` commands to
`RepositorySourceLocation`.

## Fixed

* Modules from prism.json files in sub-directories are installed in the current directory instead of the directory of
  the prism.json file.


# 0.2.0

## Upgrade Instructions

We've renamed PxGet to Prism.

* Rename your `pxget.json` files to `prism.json` files.
* Update scripts that call `pxget` to call `prism` instead.
* Update scripts that install `PxGet` module to install `Prism` instead.
* Make sure all computers that will use the same prism.json file have PowerShell repositories defined with the same
  "SourceLocation" property. The `install` command now installs from a lock file, which records what specific version of
  a module to install and the repository from which to install it.

## Added

* An `update` command that takes the versions in the prism.json file and locks/pins them to a specific version, saving
  the version and repository source location to a new prism.lock.json file.

## Changed

* Renamed PxGet to Prism.
* The `install` command determines what to install using a prism.lock.json file, which is generated by the new `update`
  command. If a lock file doesn't exist, the `install` command will call the `update` command first.


# 0.1.3

* Improvements to documentation.


# 0.1.2

* Fixed: no progress shown to the user about what `prism install` is doing.
* Fixed: The `prism install` command fails to import its private PackageManagement and PowerShellGet modules in a
fresh repository.
* Fixed: The `prism install` command makes duplicate calls to `Find-Module`, which is slow.
* Fixed: Progress output from the `Save-Module` command shows when running the `prism install` command.


# 0.1.1

## Fixed

* Module fails to publish to PowerShell Gallery.